Document --backup import behaviour (#1788)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/troubleshooting.md

[cache directory](/doc/command-reference/config#cache) doesn't exist. It is
usually created automatically by DVC commands that need it, but you can create
it manually (e.g. `mkdir .dvc/cache`) to enable this check.

> ## Checkout failed with `store: false` files {#checkout-failed-no-store}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Checkout failed with `store: false` outputs {#checkout-no-store}
```

> Unable to checkout this output since it is not present in the cache and has been
> marked to not be stored on remotes.
> 
> If `store: false` is added to the `outs` section of a `.dvc` file, that output
> will not be stored on remotes when `dvc push` is used, and dvc will not attempt
> to retreive it when `dvc pull` or `dvc fetch` is called. This error means that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DVC is unable to checkout any output that is not present in the
<abbr>cache</abbr>.This can usually be solved by fetching from
[import storage](/doc/command-reference/remote). However, If `store: false`
is used in a `.dvc` file, `dvc pull` and `dvc fetch` won't attempt to retrieve the
data from a DVC remote.

This error means that
```

the file is not already in the local cache, so dvc cannot find it. You must
provide the file locally since it is not tracked on dvc-managed remote storage.

> See [import store mode](/doc/command-reference/import#store-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [import storage](/doc/command-reference/import#enabling-remote-storage).
```

[cache directory](/doc/command-reference/config#cache) doesn't exist. It is
usually created automatically by DVC commands that need it, but you can create
it manually (e.g. `mkdir .dvc/cache`) to enable this check.

## Checkout failed with `store: false` outputs {#checkout-no-store}

DVC is unable to checkout any output that is not present in the

> <abbr>cache</abbr>.This can usually be solved by fetching from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<abbr>cache</abbr>. This can usually be solved by fetching from
```

[import storage](/doc/command-reference/remote). However, If `store: false`
is used in a `.dvc` file, `dvc pull` and `dvc fetch` won't attempt to retrieve the

> data from a DVC remote.

Reviewer: We may need to update this title, anchor, and description a little per https://github.com/iterative/dvc/pull/4581#pullrequestreview-501492896...

> To solve this, you must provide the file locally.

Reviewer: Is it possible to suggest more elaborate possible solution(s) that will cover most of the cases? Not sure what the options are but off the top of my head: push the data from the original repo; remove store: false and try fetch/pull again; re-import; what else? If you can just write them here I'll copy edit it as needed. Thanks!

> This error means that
> the file is not already in the local cache, so dvc cannot find it. You must
> provide the file locally since it is not tracked on dvc-managed remote storage.
> 
> See [import storage](/doc/command-reference/import#enabling-remote-storage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To solve this, you must provide the file locally.

See also
[Enabling remote storage](/doc/command-reference/import#enabling-remote-storage)
for imports.
```
